few things are as delicious as a waffle
topped with ice cream
unless that waffle is made out of
brownie using a premade mix or your own
recipe simply pour the batter in the
center of the iron flip and enjoy if you
think pre-made cinnamon rolls are a snap
wait till you see this hack pull up are
your rolls and place one in each
quadrant
[Music]
we cooked ours for three minutes and
they were a little crispy we recommend
checking on them after two minutes
drizzle with icing you can make homemade
hash browns from scratch or you can just
pick up a bag of tater tots and throw
them on your waffle iron arrange them in
a circle and fill any gaps you notice
after about a minute your childhood
favorite is all grown up for a quick
savory meal use your waffle iron to turn
tortillas and shredded cheese into a
warm and delicious quesadilla
[Music]
haven't mastered the art of the omelet
for scrambled eggs and fillings of your
choice into the iron and by the time
you're done pouring a cup of coffee
you'll be ready to enjoy your most
important meal of the day
[Music]
we don't like to play favorites but this
waffle iron biscuit takes the cake
a waffle a biscuit you get the point
[Music]
and now for a match made in heaven the
breakfast
Wizkid sandwich thanks for watching for
more